com/nitv/newsapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiHelperFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiHelperFactory
com/nitv/newsapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/details/DetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/nitv/newsapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideINewsRepositoryFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideINewsRepositoryFactory
com/nitv/newsapp/databinding/ItemNewsBinding.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.databinding.ItemNewsBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/nitv/newsapp/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.nitv.newsapp.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/nitv/newsapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideRepositoryFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideRepositoryFactory
com/nitv/newsapp/NewsApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_GeneratedInjector
com/nitv/newsapp/data/local/NewsDatabase_Impl.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDatabase_Impl
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDatabase_Impl$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_NewsApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_NewsApp_GeneratedInjector
com/nitv/newsapp/databinding/FragmentDetailsBinding.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.databinding.FragmentDetailsBinding
com/nitv/newsapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.BuildConfig
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/nitv/newsapp/NewsApp_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_ComponentTreeDeps
com/nitv/newsapp/utils/NetworkHelper_Factory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.utils.NetworkHelper_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_di_NetworkModule
com/nitv/newsapp/databinding/ItemErrorMessageBinding.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.databinding.ItemErrorMessageBinding
com/nitv/newsapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideNewsDaoFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideNewsDaoFactory
com/nitv/newsapp/di/AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory
com/nitv/newsapp/Hilt_NewsApp.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.Hilt_NewsApp
 com.nitv.newsapp.Hilt_NewsApp$1
com/nitv/newsapp/databinding/FragmentFeedBinding.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.databinding.FragmentFeedBinding
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_nitv_newsapp_NewsApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_nitv_newsapp_NewsApp
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_di_AppModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/nitv/newsapp/DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.nitv.newsapp.DaggerNewsApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/nitv/newsapp/di/CoroutinesDispatcherProvider_Factory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.CoroutinesDispatcherProvider_Factory
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.CoroutinesDispatcherProvider_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/nitv/newsapp/BR.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.BR
com/nitv/newsapp/network/repository/NewsRepository_Factory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.network.repository.NewsRepository_Factory
com/nitv/newsapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideNewsApiFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideNewsApiFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/favorite/FavoriteFragmentDirections.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragmentDirections
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragmentDirections$1
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragmentDirections$ActionFavoriteFragmentToDetailsFragment
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/nitv/newsapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/nitv/newsapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/feed/FeedFragmentDirections.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.feed.FeedFragmentDirections
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.feed.FeedFragmentDirections$1
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.feed.FeedFragmentDirections$ActionFeedFragmentToDetailsFragment
com/nitv/newsapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_nitv_newsapp_NewsApp.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_nitv_newsapp_NewsApp
com/nitv/newsapp/databinding/FragmentFavoritesBinding.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.databinding.FragmentFavoritesBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/nitv/newsapp/NewsApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.nitv.newsapp.NewsApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/nitv/newsapp/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
com/nitv/newsapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nitv_newsapp_di_RepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nitv_newsapp_di_RepositoryModule
com/nitv/newsapp/network/api/ApiHelperImpl_Factory.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.network.api.ApiHelperImpl_Factory
com/nitv/newsapp/data/local/NewsDao_Impl.java
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$1
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$2
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$3
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$4
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$5
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$6
 com.nitv.newsapp.data.local.NewsDao_Impl$7
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
